c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\ClassNinja.dll.config
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\ClassNinja.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\ClassNinja.pdb
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.bootstrap.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\obj\Release\ClassNinja.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\obj\Release\ClassNinja.dll
c:\users\administrator.gaba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\obj\Release\ClassNinja.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\obj\Release\ClassNinja.Migrations.AddStudents.resources
C:\Users\Administrator.GABA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ClassNinja\ClassNinja\obj\Release\ClassNinja.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
